= Katalog Proses dan Log

Berikut ini merupakan informasi Katalog Proses dan Log dari sistem
Xpander:


|===
|ID |API Category |Deskripsi |Privileges |Tags |Pivotal ID

|user.login |Kraken 2 |User can login into Admin Site |All Users | |#123

|user.create |Kraken 2 |User can create another user account |Admin |
|"#123

|user.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit other user account |Admin | |

|user.enable |Kraken 2 |User can activate other user account |Admin | |

|user.disable |Kraken 2 |User can deactivate other user account |Admin |
|

|role.add |Kraken 2 |User can add new role |Admin | |

|role.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit existing roles |Admin | |

|operator.add |Kraken 2 |User can add operator (vendor) |Admin | |

|operator.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit operator (vendor) |Admin | |

|partner.manage |Kraken 2 |User can browse partner data |Admin | |

|partner.manage.add |Kraken 2 |User can add new partner |Admin | |

|partner.manage.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit partner data |Admin | |

|partner.manage.enable |Kraken 2 |User can activate/enable partner
|Admin | |

|partner.manage.disable |Kraken 2 |user can deactivate/disable partner
|Admin | |

|partner.manage.settings |Kraken 2 |User can manage partner settings
|Admin | |

|partner.balance |Kraken 2 |User can browse partner balance |Admin | |

|partner.balance.add |Kraken 2 |User can add partner balance manually
|Admin | |

|product.manage |Kraken 2 |User can manage product |Admin | |

|product.manage.add |Kraken 2 |User can add new product |Admin | |

|product.manage.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit product data |Admin | |

|product.manage.disable |Kraken 2 |User can disable product |Admin | |

|product.manage.enable |Kraken 2 |User can enable product |Admin | |

|product.manage.archive |Kraken 2 |User can archive unused product data
|Admin | |

|product.manage.search |Kraken 2 |User can search product based on the
form criteria |Admin | |

|product.manage.biller |Kraken 2 |User can assign/remove biller from
product data |Admin | |

|product.change.approval |Kraken 2 |User can see list approval needed to
be approved |Admin | |

|product.change.history |Kraken 2 |User can browse approval history
|Admin | |

|product.price.logs |Kraken 2 |User can browse price change log |Admin |
|

|prodcut.logs |Kraken 2 |User can browse product change log |Admin | |

|package.manage |Kraken 2 |User can manage product package | | |

|package.manage.add |Kraken 2 |User can add product package | | |

|package.manage.edit |Kraken 2 |User can edit product package | | |

|package.manage.edit.addproduct |Kraken 2 |User can add product in
product package | | |

|package.manage.edit.import |Kraken 2 |User can import product package
setting from CSV | | |

|package.manage.edit.export |Kraken 2 |User can export product package
setting into CSV | | |

|package.manage.edit.disableproduct |Kraken 2 |User can disable specific
product on package | | |

|package.manage.edit.enableproduct |Kraken 2 |User can enable specific
product on package | | |

|package.change |Kraken 2 |``User can'' | | |

|package.price.logs |Kraken 2 |User can browse package price change logs
| | |

|package.logs |Kraken 2 |User can browse package change logs | | |

|biller.manage |Kraken 2 |User can manage biller | | |

|biller.manage.config |Kraken 2 |User can manage biller config | | |

|biller.manage.stock |Kraken 2 |User can manage biller stock | | |

|biller.stock-inventory |Kraken 2 |User can see latest stock update | |
|

|transaction.transaction |Kraken 2 |User can browse transaction data
from partner | | |

|transaction.biller |Kraken 2 |User can browse transaction data to
biller | | |

|transaction.quarantine |Kraken 2 |User can see quarantined transaction
data | | |

|settings.system-param |Kraken 2 |Settings for Kraken System Param | | |

|settings.cache |Kraken 2 |Settings for Kraken System Cache | | |
|===
